water h2o doctors recommend that you
drink eight 8-ounce glasses of water
daily when seven of your hours were
spent at school how do you get your h2o
fix every waking minute that masks your
weight but how do you feel about water I
love water describe what it's like
drinking out of the water fountain
delicious chris fresh
I don't know else to say about that
rolls water drinking my life luckily we
were had the opportunity to speak with
Evan Harmon the local water fountain
expert at winfield high school yeah
basically right here you got your oasis
d800 this month best ones on the market
it's known for its flexible group it's
pretty easy to use even for you know or
less less Fingal finger abled people got
a nice green here for typical
circulating circular diamond-shaped
drain it's made back in 1973 and blue of
the great water massacre happened
already I think uncle is there now how
much usage would you say that this gets
daily because it looks like it's you
know a rather worn fountain this beast
is pumping easy 180 thousand gallons a
day easy there's no doubt America had
scientific facts is the thirstiest
country in the world now we're thirsty
for success money power and love that
just caught that's just messin major su
major
recent studies have shown that drinking
out of dirty water fountains mainly the
brain image do you find this to be true
yeah yes somebody else yeah now we're
upstairs here and if you notice this is
the water fountain located by the art
room and the girls are boys restrooms
probably the central water fountain for
the entire upper half of the school due
to a central location I sir come a
little closer you'll see that the water
fountain not only is there a type
parameter to fit in if you're a bit
broad the shoulders kind of challenge to
get in there also if you'll sue me a
little closer here please you'll see
that there is no handles on the fountain
there which creates quite a problem as
far as water fountain safety you know
comply with regulations of the wfs sa
you get very thirsty why do you refuse
to drink out of water fountain and as an
alternative where you get your water
from well the lack of grid really really
bothers me sometimes so typically I go
to restroom and
get a drink from the faucet
and how's you how would you say that the
quality of water isn't there compared to
this
if you don't mind me asking this
question could you please clarify as to
how you got the various markings it
seems like you've been in a fight with
you know quite a quite a worthy
adversary well in your business you can
see this little handle here we don't
have same handle I discussed earlier on
because of that my fingers get
exceptionally brawl I've always had very
sensitive fingers was always running the
home and family I don't get a wide as
much like a slight the skin of a tadpole
in a lot of ways anyways say you're
trying to get a drink my fingers are
wrong I'll it and found your buddy mr.
Hughes one found that guy we got into it
we're toying around with each other a
little bit boom automan uppercut man I
catch him clean I catch him clean oh I'm
get me I'm get ready to pounce like a
tiger and all of a sudden coach McCoy
comes out of nowhere he Spears me in
coach Bailey called me much like much
like a mother panda would do protecting
her young so that's that basically how I
got is that and also later on that day I
tripped and fell on the stairs now that
we're starting to get a grip on how
students think about water fountains
there's time to ask not only a member of
the staff and faculty but the biggest
guy of them all mr. Hughes and I'm
walking around London and I realize it
people have bought a walk
then your house today here is on one why
I never seen bottle water with you
didn't buy that John site 15 years ago
and everybody's water families
best person I've ever saw bottled water
of course now it's everywhere but yeah
now again I stated before this is the
alternative to the water fountain school
you can choose bought water aquafina
brand for a dollar 25 they also have
flavored waters tasty kind of pricey but
it may be worth it laughter as gourmet
chefs of winfield high school what would
you say is the appropriate way to drink
your water I feel with your mouth would
you say that ball water is you know the
most optimal choice drink water would
you drink water out of founders so yeah
I don't have a waiter there's a lot of
safety issues going on 41 pounds right
now tell me there's a water found
upstairs that lacks a grip you turn it
good causing all students have raw
fingers and actually one of our own
cameraman here nearly lost a jaw so now
we prefer our waters
fresh water every day and now the
students don't want to know where does
the water English jugs comes that come
from the kitchen yeah so you know that
is the pride of highest quality water
this will know well clean cups clean
water clean jokes can all use that all
right fountains bottles Gatorade jugs no
matter how you acquire it you have to
get your water Cody Schuler newsChannel